vo_gpu_next: respect d3d11 swapchain output format preference (#13210)
mpv-player/mpv: DOCS/man/options.rst

        from Windows 10. Thus on older systems it will only automatically
        utilize the rgba8 output format.

    .. note::

>         For ``--vo=gpu-next``, this is ignored for HDR or wide gamut color spaces.

Reviewer: I think this is ambiguous what does "color space" mean in this context. I understand how it works, but I don't expect anyone to understand what this line mean without knowledge of gpu-next internals.

        from Windows 10. Thus on older systems it will only automatically
        utilize the rgba8 output format.

    .. note::

>         For ``--vo=gpu-next``, this is only used for SDR output, and
>         requested formats other than rgba8 are ignored.

Reviewer 2: I would use this:
```suggestion
        For ``--vo=gpu-next``, this is used as a best-effort hint and 
        libplacebo has the last say on which format is utilized.
```
